also lg g3 at its compact version
that is, and g3 and therefore to you the unboxing of
this smart
a greeting to all friends of
androidworld.it unboxing dlgs or the
mini the compact call them as you like
although I know that many turn up their noses
for improper use some of these
terms of lg that this is the packaging
the yellow label indicates that
we took it on eprice it came to a
price slightly lower than that
launch that we will see some later
information first of all to the laser
autofocus or the feature that
made it particularly interesting for
many the magistrate
then there is a 5 inch HD ips screen
then 1280 x 720 pixel quad processor
1.2 gb core
I add that a snapdragon 400
8 megapixel camera battery from
2500 40 million per hour to connectivity
We have said the camera 8
megapixels and beyond that is already
updated to the 4.4 version of hip cup
I didn't say he has a gigabyte of ram
I say it now ok then we have it
smartphone that also supports no cod
like all now smartphone lg we go
forward
here is the battery from
and this is what Milan is doing now
and the stereo headphone power supply with cable
with answer button and usb cable
micro usb
so let's put everything aside for a moment
we pull out the smartphone here it is
so with the same fake design
metallic even if slightly material
different here seems more plastic than
certainly to the one of g3 the usual ones
touch keys on the back the flash LEDs in
laser autofocus no button on the stamps
because they are all behind the door
infrared the second microphone then
very similar to the older brother brings
micro usb audio jack first microphone
we are going to already that we insert the
battery then open the cover here
we also have the slot for the sim and lo
slot for the micro sd bill and the vision
one over the other here we go to
close we go to turn it on but there
review will come only after having it
tested properly go to our forum
androidworld.it slash forum in the
section dedicated to the g 3 s pass
questions on this little smartphone e
We will respond in the final review
for this reason, unboxing is all not
that's all because I didn't say the price
launch price
349 euros selling price on and bryce
point 325 euros for this unboxing now
it really is everything
a greeting from the hand leccisotti for
android point number it